hi beautiful people I'm here to review
this week
if you want to check it out stay tuned
hey Chilly hmm ty okay this is another
Motown trust week and this is called
it's a flex wig by mo Chou tres called
FX Kido Kido and color are 2724 for this
is the tag this is the box bag that it
came in okay so I have a number of
Motown tres wigs and actually the three
that I have I have lexer Acer and mojo
those are my three favorite a couple of
my favorite ways
okay and because I love the color are
2724 for I just went and looked at every
r27 for four that they had all in the
line and I pretty much just went out
back okay so I had three good ones
and this isn't is the fourth and is not
one of the good ones
okay as you can see it's super shiny and
I did actually put baby powder I'm not a
baby powder person because if it's too
shiny it's too shiny and I've had bad
experiences with putting baby powders so
if it's too shiny I pretty much just
throw it in the back of the closet if I
can't return it
okay so this is it and it's a regular
cap it's got no combs and no lace
so this is the hairline just ends no
lace
so the hair has to be worn to the front
you can't really wear the hair back
without having some hair in the front
it's kind of thin on the thin side I
photographed it inside out and when you
see a wig inside out and you see that
the tracks are pretty far apart that's a
sign that it's thin
it's one of those and it is not the
Torah which explains the shine but my
other motown trust wigs are also not
heat sensitive but they are not shiny
but also those are curly curly hairs are
curly hair is less likely to be shiny in
general it's got a layered style and the
longest length is 23 inches so the color
you know is darker in the bottom and
then it has the 27 and 24 highlight my
favorite blonde combination
unfortunately this week is too shiny and
it's too thin so this is the back so
this is kind of a fail it was kind of a
fail just because it's too shiny and I
tried the baby powder and I have shot
him in the flash so this is it too bad
because I do like the color but the
color is not enough okay the color is
what made me buy it right but no and it
has sort of whoa it's not a skin top
it's well it's this is the top here
you just got like a middle part that's
set so you can't change the part it does
have a side swoop bang you could blunt
it out I suppose
if you're gonna get this wig I'd
probably get a darker one because the
light the light colors are too shiny
Sally right
thanks for watching we'll see you real
soon stay beautiful bye